Company description:

Bendigo Kangan Institute (BKI) is one of Victoria's largest TAFE providers, offering state-of-the-art training centres and a wide range of courses. We are committed to fostering a customer-centric culture that works together to achieve our best in a healthy and supportive environment.



Job description:

Location: Broadmeadows or Cremorne (regular travel to other BKI sites)

Role Type: Full-Time, Permanent

Remuneration: Starting from $164,669.64 including super




About us:

At Bendigo Kangan Institute we change lives through the power of education and skills.

BKI brings together Bendigo TAFE, Kangan Institute, VETASSESS and eWorks, to connect people and industries with the transformative power of education and careers.

We deliver future-ready skills, training, and assessment solutions, as well as lifelong learning opportunities. Our vision is to become Australia's leading skills provider.

If you are passionate about joining an agile and forward-thinking organisation that fosters innovation or thrive on being part of an inclusive and united team that puts the customer first, please read on.



About The Role:

The Senior Data Engineer is a pivotal, hands‑on leadership role responsible for driving the design, implementation and optimisation of BKI's enterprise data ecosystem.


You will shape and evolve our Central Data Platform, ensure alignment with Enterprise Data Architecture principles, and lead end‑to‑end engineering of robust, scalable data pipelines.


A key part of this role is partnering with ICT, Performance & Reporting, and business stakeholders to uplift data governance, improve data quality, and support advanced analytics and insights across the organisation.


You will also lead and mentor two Data Engineers, providing technical guidance and embedding best‑practice DevOps/DataOps, automated processes, CI/CD and cloud‑native engineering excellence.


Key Responsibilities

Lead the design and development of enterprise data models (conceptual, logical and physical).
Develop and enhance scalable data pipelines across APIs, databases, third‑party systems and more.
Ensure high‑quality ingestion, monitoring and orchestration of data into the Enterprise Data Platform.
Drive enterprise‑wide data governance maturity, including metadata, lineage, cataloguing and classification.
Embed DevOps/DataOps practices including CI/CD automation, observability and platform lifecycle management.
Work closely with business leaders to translate requirements into robust engineering solutions.
Drive continuous improvement, performance optimisation and alignment to BKI's strategic objectives.

We are excited about you because you have:

Hands on experience with key Azure cloud data services, including:

Azure Databricks
Azure Data Lake Storage
Azure SQL/Synapse
Event Grid, Event Hub, Functions
Azure DevOps, Git, CI/CD
ARM/Bicep for IaC
(Desirable) Microsoft Fabric
Strong data governance and metadata management capabilities (Purview desirable).
A logical, structured problem-solving approach with strong analytical skills.
Excellent stakeholder engagement skills and the ability to explain technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Experience leading teams or mentoring other engineers.
Experience working within education or regulated environments (desirable).



We can offer you:

Attractive work-life balance and flexible work options
Free onsite parking for most campuses
Professional development programs
Fitness Passport Program with exclusive access for you and your family to 230+ locations Australia wide
Counselling support (EAP) and Health & Wellbeing initiatives throughout the year
Meaningful work that drives positive social impact
The opportunity to build a career in a world leading vocational education and training sector, with diverse and emerging career opportunities across Australia.

The Essential Paperwork:

Working with Children Clearance (WWCC)
Current police check
Certified right to work documentation
Certified copies of your qualifications and transcripts

Need support with your application?

For any accessibility requirements during the recruitment process, please contact careers@kangan.edu.au

Ready to make the switch? Click 'Apply Now' to join our team by sending us your updated resume and cover letter.


Want to know more? Contact careers@kangan.edu.au


Only applications from candidates with valid working rights will be considered. We are a child safe and equal opportunity employer and therefore the successful candidate will be required to hold a current Working with Children check clearance


Bendigo Kangan Institute acknowledges that their campuses are located on the ancestral lands of the Djaara people of Dja Dja Wurrung, Wurundjeri Peoples of the Kulin Nations, Yorta Yorta Nations and the Gunaikurnai people. The Institute respects their Elders past present and emerging and cultural heritage, and we recognize their continuing connection to land, waters, and culture.



