About CTM 
CTM is a global award-winning provider of innovative and cost-effective travel management solutions to the corporate, events, leisure and loyalty travel markets. CTM provides personalised service excellence with client-facing technology solutions in offices all around the world, including New Zealand, Australia, Asia, North America and Europe with over 3000 employees.
  
At CTM, our people are our greatest asset. We are a team of collaborative, innovative and future focused professionals we work with the company's values in mind; Connect, Deliver and Evolve.

About the Role 
The purpose of the role is to provide leadership, oversight and governance to design, govern and oversee the implementation of data standards and integrity of CTM's data assets across all global and regional operations.
 
The role ensures that data used for decision-making, reporting and customer engagement is consistent and trusted. It establishes and maintains the frameworks, standards and controls that protect CTM's data assets and ensures alignment with internal assurance requirements.
 
As the global authority for data standards, this position promotes a culture of accountability and continuous improvement in data management practices. This role also integrates inputs across Account Management, Sales, Customer, Operations and Finance to ensure data standards directly enable exceptional client insights, commercial modelling, operational forecasting, supplier strategy and the monetisation and productisation of CTM's data assets. By ensuring global consistency and accuracy of data, this role underpins CTM's capability to deliver differentiated insights to customers and create enterprise-wide commercial value.
 
Responsibilities
The responsibilities of this role span enterprise governance, cross-functional alignment and the ongoing uplift of CTM's global data standards, ensuring data is trusted and able to deliver meaningful commercial, operational and client value.
Establish and Maintain Enterprise Data Frameworks - Design and oversee enterprise-wide data standards, policies, business rules and control frameworks that safeguard the accuracy and integrity of CTM's data assets across all global systems and processes, ensuring standards reflect multi-domain business inputs and operational, commercial and customer-facing requirements.
Provide Strategic Leadership and Oversight - Lead CTM's data standards and control programmes to strengthen governance maturity, drive continuous improvement, ensuring all standards support future innovation, platform convergence and enterprise-wide insight generation.
Promote Effective Communication and Engagement - Communicate data standard policies and key insights across global and regional teams to embed consistent understanding and accountability, translating complex dependencies into clear business impacts for Sales, Account Management, Customer and Operations leaders.
Report on Data Standards and Integrity - Provide regular and transparent reporting to executive leadership on data standard performance, control effectiveness and risk mitigation, highlighting commercial, client and operational impacts associated with data quality uplift.
Drive Behavioural Change - Champion a culture of data stewardship and continuous improvement by influencing behaviours, aligning practices, fostering shared ownership of data accuracy across all job families.
Enable Commercial and Client-Facing Value - Ensure data standards directly support CTM's ability to deliver premium insights to customers, enhance supplier negotiations, strengthen forecasting accuracy and develop new data-driven products and commercial propositions.
Why CTM?  
As a global organisation CTM offers a range of employee benefits that including;
Travel discounts  
Perkbox - Retail, Lifestyle, Entertainment, Health & Wellness discounts 
Training and Development opportunities  
Annual Volunteer Day  
x2 Wellness/Chillout Days  
Blended work arrangements with hybrid WFH flexibility 
2 Weeks extra leave - Purchase Leave
CTM offer a strong, established and sustainable work environment which will support your career development and wellbeing.
  
CTM is committed to the unique contributions of all our people and actively encourage candidates with all abilities and diverse backgrounds to apply. Come work for a global award winning company that values its people, community, and technological innovation.