About the job
About Us:



Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in more than 56 countries to navigate their digital transformation. With over four decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the businesses with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer satisfaction. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem. 

Visit www.infosys.com to see how Infosys (NYSE: INFY) can help your enterprise navigate your next.


Role Description:



 Infosys is seeking a dynamic, strategic and innovative Data Architect/Senior Data Modeler – Azure Synapse / Data Vault to facilitate the organization’s mission to grow and evolve Infosys’ Data and Analytics business unit. The successful candidate will distinguish herself or himself by being a coach to the Infosys’ client-base to navigate business transformation using the power of data and AI. S/He will be leading and contributing to strategic master plan and advisory engagements with the client to develop data and AI led initiatives for transformation, S/He can also be involved in the execution and delivery of such engagements in a leadership role. S/He will act as the brand-ambassador for Infosys and represent Infosys’ thought leadership in public forums and media.


Location: Melbourne 



Salary: AUD 134,132- 140,193 Annual Gross



Please Note: - The above salary range is only indicative and maybe subject to suitable enhancements, based on internal company processes


Flexible working arrangements (hybrid, reviewed case-by-case basis). Feel free to connect with your recruiter to learn more about how this works in practice.



Roles and Responsibilities:



Enterprise Data Modelling – Design Develop conceptual, Logical, and physical data models across enterprise data platforms
Design, implement enterprise data warehouse models using Data Vault 2.0 / Dimensional modelling / Normalised EDW models(3NF)
Data Vault - Enable full auditability and lineage, historical tracking and scalable / extensible Enterprise data platforms
Synapse modelling - Design and implement optimised data models for azure Synapse analytics
Teradata EDW modelling – Design and maintain enterprise grade data model within Teradata EDW
Optimise the model performance using strategies like – Table partitioning, distribution (hash / RR etc), Indexing,
Experience in modelling banking subject areas including – Party / Customer / accounts / Transactions/ Payments / Risk / Regulatory reporting / Finance etc
Ensure models comply with enterprise data governance standards, Metadata / lineage standards


Essential:



12+ years of experience in Data Engineering in which 4+ years as Data Modeller / Lead BA.
Strong hands-on experience in Dimensional modelling, EDW modelling(3NF), Data Vault 2.0
Strong experience with Azure Synapse, ADLS 2, ADF
Strong SQL expertise in Azure Synapse SQL, Teradata SQL
Experience with modelling tools such as – Erwin
Strong banking domain experience with exposure to functional business analysis on core banking, Regulatory reporting, Risk and Finance domains.


ADDITIONAL



Excellent customer-facing skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong attention to detail and outstanding analytical and problem-solving skills.


In addition to compensation aligned with your role, you’ll have access to a wide range of benefits that support your health, career growth, and overall well-being (AU)



Income Protection Insurance
Paid Parental and Volunteer leaves
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Flexible working arrangements (hybrid, reviewed case-by-case basis)
Health Insurance Discount and Well-being Program
Access to Fitness and Gym Memberships
Salary packaging and novated leasing


Our recruitment and selection process is designed to create the best match for both you and Infosys. Depending on the role, it may include an initial screening, technical or functional interviews, and conversations focused on cultural alignment and shared values. We are committed to making the experience transparent, respectful, and engaging at every step.


Hear from our recruiter on their experience working with Infosys as an Employer

At Infosys, we recognize that everyone has individual requirements. If you are a person with disability, illness, or injury and require adjustments to the recruitment and selection process, please contact our Recruitment team for adjustment either via the following email Infosys_ta@infosys.com or call 1-866-472-0935. Alternatively, you can include your preferred method of communication in email, and someone will be in touch.


Please note in order to protect the interest of all parties involved in the recruitment process, Infosys does not accept any unsolicited resumes from third-party vendors. In the absence of a signed agreement, any submission will be deemed as non-binding and Infosys explicitly reserves the right to pursue and hire the submitted profile. All recruitment activity must be coordinated through the Talent Acquisition department.


“All aspects of employment at Infosys are based on merit, competence and performance. We are committed to embracing diversity and creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Infosys is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.”